tweak(natives/MISC/Asin): Added retval and param name (#1162)
citizenfx/natives: MISC/Asin.md

```c
// 0xC843060B5765DCE7 0x998E5CAD
float ASIN(float value);
```

## Parameters
* **value**: 

## Return value

> Returns the inverse sine in radians of a number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the inverse sine in radians of `value`
```
